---
title: About
menu_title: About
---
<%= render 'partials/markdown_links' %>

## Professional Ramblings
I haven't always been a web developer. <a href="#" class="text_toggle" onclick="toggle_visibility('ramblings_content');">Read More|Less</a>

{::options parse_block_html="true" /}
<div id="ramblings_content" style="display:none">
TBD
</div>
{::options parse_block_html="false" /}

## About This Site
This is the 2.0 version of my web site.
<a href="#" class="text_toggle" onclick="toggle_visibility('site_content');">Read More|Less</a>

{::options parse_block_html="true" /}
<div id="site_content" style="display:none">

This time around, I decided to use [nanoc][Nanoc]{:target="_blank"}, a Ruby-based static site generator. Basically, I use nanoc to build content, run the content through the nanoc compiler and upload the generated HTML pages up to my site's public directory.

I use a number of web tools to create various effects on the site. See the "Generated by" section of the footnotes at the bottom of this page for a complete list.

I have decided to continue to use the [Wordpress][Wordpress] blog tool even though nanoc has some very powerful built-in blogging features. I know Wordpress has a lot of overhead, there are constant updates, it's a favorite hacker target, blah, blah, blah. But it suits my purposes, and I don't want to burn anymore development time on the site right now. Maybe later.

Web site hosting is done by [NearlyFreeSpeech.net][NFSN]{:target="_blank"}. NFSN is a no-frills, metered service, DIY web hosting company. I've been with them since 2004. It costs me about $15 a year to run the site, plus another $10 for annual domain registration. It doesn't get any cheaper. The "down side" - you get to do everything yourself, so you need to be a combination web developer and sys admin.

Site photography by De'Lynne Lehman, all rights reserved.<br />

The source code for this site is publicly available at my [GitHub][GitHub]{:target="_blank"} location. Have fun.
</div>
{::options parse_block_html="false" /}

## Acknowledgements
[Real Men][RealMen]{:target="_blank"} give credit where credit is due. Thanks to:

1. all of my professional colleagues, past and present, who are too numerous to mention. I make it a point to surround myself with people who are smarter than I am, which forces me to go the extra mile.

2. the [nanoc][Nanoc]{:target="_blank"} team for putting together a very nice Ruby-based static site generator. It's been fun. Thanks!

3. the nanoc Wiki which contains a list of [showcased][NanocShowcase]{:target="_blank"} web sites that use nanoc. I am indebted to Professor [Damien Pollet][DamienPollet]{:target="_blank"} for making his code publicly available, which provided me with a starting point towards building a nice looking web site. *Merci Beaucoup!* 

4. my wife De'Lynne who is a great photographer. All the images on the Home page are her creations. I would be lost without you.

<script type="text/javascript">
function toggle_visibility(id) {
var e = document.getElementById(id);
e.style.display = ((e.style.display!='none') ? 'none' : 'block');
}
</script>

